Great.
Magalie Marcellus: Day.
Magalie Marcellus: Give me one second. Okay. Can you hear me.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, one second. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Coming up, so
N817: The house.
Magalie Marcellus: Best order.
Yeah.
N817: only lead to go to the grocery store.
Magalie Marcellus: Somebody
Magalie Marcellus: Hey,
Magalie Marcellus: What's going on in the background there.
N817: Oh,
N817: I only got one camera.
N817: I don't have a camera.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, I see. Okay.
N817: So sorry I was late.
Magalie Marcellus: So I send your emails and sure, if you remember, but I'm glad you made it.
Magalie Marcellus: Was it did it take a while to check in.
N817: Know pretty quick.
Magalie Marcellus: So, um, how was the past two weeks, anything any events I any concerns.
N817: Just been pretty boring whole
Magalie Marcellus: I mean, able to do much.
N817: More by the time
Magalie Marcellus: You say you ride your bike.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Step Dad, did he go anywhere.
N817: You wouldn't got water.
N817: Thank you. What's the grocery store.
Magalie Marcellus: Did you go with them.
N817: Now,
N817: I went to the store will
Magalie Marcellus: Be like going to get the war.
Magalie Marcellus: And
Magalie Marcellus: He told me last time you've been alive. He was experiencing some anxiety because of August gone on. So tell me how things been over here.
Magalie Marcellus: Now, the last time we spoke. You mentioned that there was more anxiety because of everything that's gone on. So, having been for you. Is it better. The same or how you're handling all this crisis that we're facing right now.
N817: Oh,
N817: I just went home.
N817: Keeping to mine so
N817: It's been pretty quiet.
N817: Pretty boring. Just stay sane in the house. You tried to get a little
Magalie Marcellus: We say riding your bike.
N817: A little bit.
Magalie Marcellus: You for your medication has. Did you get that
Magalie Marcellus: All your medication. Did you did you get transportation or
Magalie Marcellus: To
Magalie Marcellus: Place.
N817: my step dad took me
N817: Write it write it in the trust.
Magalie Marcellus: That expanse
Five.
N817: Wasn't
N817: signs up everywhere.
Magalie Marcellus: So stay six feet apart from
N817: Everybody anyone in the store.
N817: All employees will warm
Magalie Marcellus: Did you wear any mass
N817: No will have no mass
Magalie Marcellus: Right now they say anything can find that can help you cover.
Magalie Marcellus: Your nose and mouth and options right now.
Magalie Marcellus: This
Magalie Marcellus: Is your mom doing
N817: She's still good talk to her earlier today.
N817: She felt tired.
Magalie Marcellus: Sorry talking so I can
N817: Yes, she
N817: believed she is
She that
N817: She'll work on
N817: Fridays and Sundays.
Magalie Marcellus: The weekends.
N817: Yeah, the weekend.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: When you say she's doing much better since her surgery.
N817: Yeah yeah
N817: That's what she tells
Magalie Marcellus: Me.
Magalie Marcellus: She live with again.
N817: Oh my, for my younger sisters
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, OK.
Magalie Marcellus: And anybody else.
Magalie Marcellus: Just the 12 them.
Magalie Marcellus: And you said things been okay with just that there
N817: Yeah.
So,
Magalie Marcellus: Even with everybody being at home.
Magalie Marcellus: What did you say
Magalie Marcellus: Hey there.
Magalie Marcellus: Hello.
Hello.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, so
Sometimes
Magalie Marcellus: With the Internet.
N817: Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: Is it. We gotta go on. Okay, now
N817: Yeah, it looks like this working
Here.
N817: Am I moving
Yeah.
N817: No.
Magalie Marcellus: Area buy or sell
Magalie Marcellus: You on
N817: My bed.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. So tell me, what's a typical day for you right now, since you say you know there's not much going on. Nobody can go anywhere. So, what, what's your day look like
N817: We take a shower.
N817: Eat some breakfast feeling feed in my logo.
N817: Survey go outside or go on a house.
And
Watching TV.
N817: Facebook basically
Magalie Marcellus: A watching the news are you watching other things.
N817: I'm watching some girl least once or twice.
Magalie Marcellus: Is a favorite show
N817: Our show supernatural
Magalie Marcellus: Supernatural
Magalie Marcellus: Based on we'll meet ups, though.
N817: It's made of
Magalie Marcellus: isn't anything with aliens.
N817: It's about these are
N817: These two guys play on
N817: Till like monsters and
Magalie Marcellus: We say it's like fantasy.
N817: Fantasy like
Magalie Marcellus: Hey mentioned cook and cook for you and your battle do everybody do their own stuff.
Magalie Marcellus: Do you cook.
Magalie Marcellus: Cook. Cook everything on their own.
N817: Sometimes
N817: I'm not the same time is
Magalie Marcellus: Some people if you're cooking dinner. The dinner is what a house or then you know whenever a person is ready to eat. Then they eat all of these things. He saved and you do it, you know, for the next day or something.
Magalie Marcellus: What do you guys have your own system.
N817: Basically, whenever you you feel like you are your own very big
N817: Something
Magalie Marcellus: Don't have a schedule, anything like that.
N817: No.
N817: We want
Magalie Marcellus: To get a
Magalie Marcellus: The last time I know everything is on hold. But did you ever reach out to the, the woman that you missed
N817: Oh the one with the
Magalie Marcellus: Way the transportation, the income.
N817: No.
I haven't
Called them back.
N817: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And this and the site was supposed to be this week so they cancel that for you.
N817: Oh, they call on the phone home they
Magalie Marcellus: Tell you to cancel it.
N817: And re called on the phone.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so they
Magalie Marcellus: They
N817: Do a cancel, they just
N817: Right. They got my
Book
N817: Intake time
N817: She said that she was
N817: I get a call from a counselor.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, okay. So they doing it like virtual by phone.
N817: For now, they're just doing like over the phone.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, good. Okay.
N817: show all the
N817: Buyers
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, but they did call you in the study initial process.
N817: Yeah.
N817: Okay, good.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So that was on Monday.
N817: I think that was one day.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, because I think the last time we spoke was supposed to be much better.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Here's the thing. Yeah. OK.
Magalie Marcellus: So the face to face was cancelled what they did there, get the information over the phone.
N817: Yeah.
N817: People
Magalie Marcellus: Why they trying to less exposure for people. So anything they could do by phone or by like video, have fun. So that's the best option for most of the services now.
Magalie Marcellus: On this is an emergency.
Magalie Marcellus: And overall, has your treatment going for you.
N817: How's it going,
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah we cover you. How's that going
N817: It's going pretty good a lot better than I thought it would
N817: Or
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
N817: No cravings.
Magalie Marcellus: have only been queen.
Of the month.
Magalie Marcellus: Accomplishment
Accomplishments
Magalie Marcellus: This. What's the longest you've been clean prior to this one.
N817: Bothering you're
Magalie Marcellus: Getting closer to that.
Magalie Marcellus: And you have group once a week. Correct.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Any
Magalie Marcellus: difficulty keeping your appointments
Magalie Marcellus: I say you're having any difficulty keeping your appointment appointment or any concerns with groups in general.
N817: No.
N817: Me on
N817: The phone will work. You know, my wife.
Magalie Marcellus: Hasn't been an issue, getting
Magalie Marcellus: It hasn't been an issue with the internet to connect with your group.
N817: I'm
N817: Phone. A couple issues I dropped out early. Yes. Because, my phone died, and I tried to
Magalie Marcellus: Take
N817: Charge so
Uh huh.
N817: Drop down like 1015 years earlier.
N817: The battery was to have
I have to wait.
Magalie Marcellus: So you can log back on.
N817: Yeah, I tried. I tried to lock that down, but
N817: When I logged back down.
N817: Like right at the end and
N817: I was on mute. So she kind of coming here.
Magalie Marcellus: But he did, pop it in before they ended up the girl.
N817: Yeah, talk before
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Magalie Marcellus: What would be your most important goals right now.
N817: Right now.
N817: coronavirus or I wanted
N817: To go back to work.
Part time
Magalie Marcellus: Weather's better for you now.
N817: It's get better.
To stay warm enough so
Probably
Magalie Marcellus: Up there with your mom moving back
N817: No.
Magalie Marcellus: said anything to you.
Like, everything's on hold for now.
Magalie Marcellus: Why, that's why we can travel right now.
Magalie Marcellus: Are you keeping in touch with justice for this role.
N817: Yeah.
Reporters
N817: She's working
Magalie Marcellus: She's done with the
Magalie Marcellus: Population
Oh, she's
N817: Nervous.
N817: She is as bad as
Probably be pretty
Magalie Marcellus: Hopefully she has all the
Magalie Marcellus: Equipment. She needs to keep ourselves safe while she's working
N817: Short it
Is
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, some phrases, though.
Magalie Marcellus: Like mass and though love some time or even some
Magalie Marcellus: The gowns, yeah, uh huh.
N817: News. In this film, and we're saying there's a shortage. All this stuff is all made in China.
N817: We're buying all this stuff.
Here.
Magalie Marcellus: Well Joe and now you know some of the stuff they don't have as much use was I guess they'll allow them to purchase them.
Magalie Marcellus: Like the information are changing pretty
Magalie Marcellus: Frequently with this.
Magalie Marcellus: Anything. Anyone can do to be safe and to
Magalie Marcellus: Stay away from others. That's the best thing to do as much as possible, especially both you and your step step that has some health issues that can complicate
N817: Yeah.
N817: We try to stay as much as possible.
N817: We live on like a dead end street.
N817: Where there's not a lot of traffic at work.
Isolated
Magalie Marcellus: There's not too many people in your area.
Know,
Magalie Marcellus: You mentioned on the physical activity that you do is like you say biking.
N817: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Walking
N817: I've done
N817: I do a little bit of walk
N817: To the corner store maybe
Magalie Marcellus: A
couple blocks.
Magalie Marcellus: So you have any physical pain when you have to do any type of physical activity.
N817: Is my backyard and
Magalie Marcellus: If you have any type of physical pain when you do have to walk or doing any physical activity.
Do you experience anything
N817: Not really know
N817: Why what for the bike or
N817: Fire this. That's where I walked along the way, like
N817: Or you know my muscles knowledge for the solar from
N817: The exercise, the day before.
Magalie Marcellus: So that's
Magalie Marcellus: Like routine things
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Magalie Marcellus: I know. Uh huh.
N817: I've been pretty pain free lately.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. Okay, good.
Magalie Marcellus: So right on a boredom is a big thing. So Andy
Magalie Marcellus: Do you
Magalie Marcellus: Have or what do you do, or can do along with that other people since you have to be at home.
N817: Oh,
N817: I'm just watching TV.
Magalie Marcellus: I think that's a number one for a lot of people right now.
N817: For you can
N817: Go on.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so, yeah, yeah. So computers or you just their phone.
Magalie Marcellus: Is just a fun that you use for Compute as a computer. Do you have an actual computer
N817: I just, I got this phone and I got that little ones.
Magalie Marcellus: I see any, do you like to do any
Magalie Marcellus: Either puzzles or crafts.
Magalie Marcellus: Painting.
Magalie Marcellus: Does any of that thing some people like to do the work and things like that. Those that any, any of that appearance, you
N817: Know, not really.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And
N817: You know,
Magalie Marcellus: You do some reading
N817: Through your Jamie Paterson books and stuff like that.
Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: We have books at home.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Because right now, you know, whatever. Some we can do to help
Magalie Marcellus: Would be in a home in order to alleviate some of the board and also to
Magalie Marcellus: alleviate some anxiety as well as you may, you may learn something, or learn some kind of crap or something, a new activity that you may not have caught up.
Magalie Marcellus: And I know utilize a lot of stuff. So maybe there's something to consider me well. Next time we talked, you may have something you've tried
Magalie Marcellus: Probably wouldn't
Magalie Marcellus: Since I have, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: What do you say,
N817: Oh Lord, we're currently crafts, or
Magalie Marcellus: Something learning a new skill.
Magalie Marcellus: So maybe a little bit of research and see what's out there, maybe something will
Magalie Marcellus: You know when to your attention. Yeah, and kind of give you an idea, maybe something you want to try
Magalie Marcellus: Can do to get
Magalie Marcellus: Mine obit occupied instead of, you know, worrying about what's going on here right now.
Magalie Marcellus: And again, boredom is another is always an issue when it comes so recover as well. But sometimes
Magalie Marcellus: You know that could lead to some odds
N817: With the. Did you say born
N817: There was a I was watching the news. And so there's a 3000 people back to work from home buyers to work.
Magalie Marcellus: In yeah that the number keeps rising Anya. Yeah, and very scary. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: eventually get to the way in always start to level up and more people can get treatment and then less before we will have to be to die because of the virus.
Magalie Marcellus: Last of all right now. And people get tested sooner than
Magalie Marcellus: The sooner as possible, then you know they can get treatment with all these thing.
Magalie Marcellus: Taken so
Magalie Marcellus: All right, now that's the best thing to do because arise in it keeps moving around people moving in exposing other people. So maybe with the shutdown, then
Magalie Marcellus: It can, they can contain it better and everybody can get back to some type of normal will change song was the last one on right now everybody's kind of up there with some pretty much
Magalie Marcellus: Better. So I'll
Magalie Marcellus: Right now, next time we made. Maybe you'll have
Magalie Marcellus: Come up with a an activity or something.
Magalie Marcellus: New skills or learn something, or maybe even
Magalie Marcellus: Um,
Magalie Marcellus: You know, people are doing some cooking so anything different that you have been done, I would hope that you can
Magalie Marcellus: Find something
Magalie Marcellus: On a new a new skills musically. Then you never know that can be something that you can use later on for other reasons.
Magalie Marcellus: Just want you to
Magalie Marcellus: Have things. So think about
Magalie Marcellus: Why your home and keep you keep your mind occupied in a way
Magalie Marcellus: Well, I'm glad you know so quiet. Things are going okay for you and just keep doing what you're doing. So you can say straight and also stay
Magalie Marcellus: Healthy
Magalie Marcellus: That's
Magalie Marcellus: That's important in order to be able to continue to recovery.
Magalie Marcellus: As well.
Magalie Marcellus: And today's the place
Magalie Marcellus: I'm
Magalie Marcellus: Looking I'm looking at the 15th.
Magalie Marcellus: That's one of the magical numbers so we can convene back on the 15 and see how things are keep it.
Magalie Marcellus: 30 minutes
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: I'll leave it for six o'clock I believe this time slot is open.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, six o'clock, if anything changes. I'll let you know. But for now leave at six o'clock on the on the 15
Magalie Marcellus: Alright any questions.
N817: Where are you, where are you okay that
Magalie Marcellus: California, Florida. Florida.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I think you say she I think she probably I'm in South Florida. That's where
Magalie Marcellus: Where most of the cases are man, you say she is where
N817: St. Petersburg Tampa.
Magalie Marcellus: Tampa. Okay. Yes, well before the meeting.
Magalie Marcellus: I don't think they had any shelter in place, but now everybody's supposed to start to be shelter in place in Florida starting tonight. So hopefully enough people will listen and do their part. So keep everybody else see
Magalie Marcellus: It. Yeah.
Yeah.
N817: That they have
Magalie Marcellus: Unfortunately, because we have a lot of wrong all the people here. That's why those who, you know, the younger people needs to be mindful that you can expose you know all the older people, aren't you, and when they get sick, it's harder for them to your
Magalie Marcellus: Company, so
Magalie Marcellus: You know, think about others, not just somebody in itself.
Magalie Marcellus: Unfortunately, was hoping that people start thinking before the
Magalie Marcellus: walliams saw. I'll see you in two weeks.
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Magalie Marcellus: stay fit stay healthy.
N817: You to
Magalie Marcellus: Take care, you have a good night.